When I've built up my savings, I'll be able to travel to Mexico.
Wouldn't it be lovely to enjoy a week soaking up the culture?
The plots failed because of some trusted friends of the king.
After the death of the king, everyone wanted to be a king.
War does not bring anything good to the common people.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
You're not looking at the big picture here.
He was so surprised that he dropped the dumbbells right on his foot.
Aluminum helps to keep your food fresh for longer.
I got my hair cut today and they did it way too short.
It could possibly become a big problem.
I hope you won’t find it all too difficult to understand.
English Speaking Courses are the hardest ones.
Tom recognized three of the names on the list.
According to the papers, there was a big fire in the town.
This is the biggest bookstore in town.
I agree it’s not bad to steal from a convenience store.
She was convinced that vampires composed more than 50% of the world's population.
I was nervous to give the speech this morning.
Do you really think you'd be happy in a job like that?
She got her first iPad when she was two years old.
She wanted to get a master's degree because she missed school.
He wanted to go for a walk but it was too cold to go outside.
The antique store was not like any antique store she had seen before in her life.
I will take you to the movies only if you wait for me outside.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
We're leaving in ten minutes, whether you're dressed or not.
There is not much to do in South Carolina other than sit on a beach.
She was too dull to keep his attention for more than a few minutes.
Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you.
If you don't tell me where he went, I am going to start crying.
The two kids snuck into the principal's office after school.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
She wanted to be a tutor but had a hard time getting started.
Seen from an airplane, the island looks like a big spider.
On top of that, our power has been out since Sunday.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
That would be a really big surprise, wouldn't it?
Why do you keep asking such obvious questions?
How did you know that I was going to have a peanut butter sandwich for lunch?
